alright here we have another John Deere
young Johnny popper this one here is a
much older restoration it's been about
15 years ago this one was restored sheet
metal's in fairly decent shape pretty
much just a few new dents and dings to
pop out a little primer and paint square
up a few corners there and be good to go
this one the bottom end of the engine is
brand new cylinder head may or may not
need some work it does run but we have
not gone through and tested to see
possibly could be a head gasket could be
even a crack in the head not exactly
sure but fuel system on here is it's got
little dirty needs some cleaning out but
I will see if we can't crank this thing
up for you you at least hear it run for
a few minutes see make sure we get a few
on there
so we got
they're somebody's got a straight pipe
on this thing but it doesn't need new
rubber on the front extractors overall
pretty good shape this thing pulls good
and all gears forward and reverse
clutches good hydraulics work great as
you see Joxer up right now just running
at that little PTO works good
there's have the extendable steering
wheel there's a little cleaning up to
work yet otherwise it's be a great
collector stretchers I see you can give
us a call now one nine eight four two
three one one one seven days a week from
9 a.m. to 9 p.m. no one answers please
leave us a message and we'll return your
call as soon as possible thank you